propose a plan to resolve jsui deficiencies.
take into account the two single-page javascript implementations, the rails implementation (/Users/Shared/Development/Source/Library/org/datagraph/dydra-rails-20161201) and the lisp spocq implementation (/Users/Shared/Development/Source/Library/org/datagraph/spocq/gensrc)
in the spocq implementation src/spocq-server/resource.lisp defines the endpoint patterns and src/spocq-server/admin implemeents them.

consider these deficiencies in formulating the plan.
save it as doc/improvements.md

- the description should more clearly distinguish patterns for local routes which control the client-side presentation from remote endpoint patterns
- password reset is currently performed with requests to existing rails endpoints and pages. propose server implementation using the same persistent resources.
- email confirmation is the same.
- these require server-side implementation.
- new invitations depend on a rails page. a link to it should be added to the user login page.
  currently reached from the home page. a link from the invitation list is not useful.
  needs to be reimplemented in new service
- auth token reset is currently performed with requests to existing rails endpoint. this requires server-side implementation
- there is no account--account collaboration, even in the rails case, it does not exist
- the graph store endpoints, /<acct>/<repo>, are available also for post, put, delete
1. repository meta from rails page : status, quad count, size need a request location or must be integrated into other metadata,
2. each account page has a list of views
    the entries should support the link to execute the view with an html document returned
3. -
4. -
5. -
6. the logic was specified to disable import just as export until the response is received
    support for the additional asynchronous import capability must be included in the import ui
7. import status should indicate a byte count
    add a means to terminate the request
8. import history and transaction history are equivalent
9. authorization. current admin app requires admin authorization.
    change that to permit any authenticated user, but expect that some requests will have limited responses.
    limit deletion to admin users
10.either the admin spa does not need to create invitations or it should adopt the user app page.
11. if it is possible to have access to the response header during the process, there could be a meter for bytes/total
12. propose seo inclusions
13. suggest how to eliminate bootstrap, jquery, aristo (css and js)
14. it was admin only. change to limit just side-effect buttons to admin only. leave service to decide content access
15. propose implementation based on lisp code references
16. query history pane is based on import logging in the service with records in the same postgres tables as the rails version.
17. no payment mechanism intended